[5580 Feather Grass Ln.m4a  (195s)]
The date is true and this is a continuation of our build and reassembly of the LNR Precision Watch Cleaning Machine. So yesterday we completed the installation of the bearing on the lower housing and today we're going to be moving to the installation of the bearing on the upper housing. So a few things that are different between the upper and the lower housing with regards to the bearing. First off the bearing itself it has a on the inside it has a slit that goes top to bottom and on the original during the disassembly you can see where they wrapped wool yarn and then routed that through that slit and then wrapped it on top. So unlike the lower housing bearing where the the wool the wool yarn is riding the outside of the bearing on the upper housing that's going to be riding on the inside in this little slit. Another thing to note is that there is a large washer but the which is uh the same as the lower housing but the the smaller washer sits at the very outer part. On the upper housing that's not really a washer it's more like a felt tab it's it's doesn't have a center cut out. It does have a small little hole in there and I think that's what they used maybe to wrap one line of yarn through there just to kind of connect the piece so that when you oil from the top the the felt pad gets oiled and then that slowly wicks around the capillary action to the bottom of the shaft. So the first thing that I am going to do is I'm going to cut some yarn felt yarn and I'm going to try to mirror the structure that I have here with what was originally on there and see how far that goes. So I probably will poke a little small hole in the top felt and I'll probably have to use my scotch tape in order to thread it through because I don't that won't be too flimsy to get it through and then start wrapping it around and then insert the bearing and then insert the spring the tension spring and then that is technically done from that point. I would just put this little top on the upper housing and that would be done.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 2.m4a  (107s)]
So, this is just going to record kind of the process I did to get the felt yarn routed through the bearing. So that was actually a little bit complicated, trying to get things tidied up and tightened. What I eventually did is I took the yarn and I tied a knot on both ends about the width of that channel that's inside. That created a knot so that when I routed it, I could loop it through either one end and it would create tension on one side, allowing me to wrap the other side, tie it off, get it tight, and then do the same thing on the other side. So that was kind of the approach I took to get the yarn routed. Now I'm going to go ahead and, oh, before I start there. So I did, on the end that's going to be closest to that smaller felt pad, I did put a little bit of that Scotch tape on there so that I could just route that up through the little small hole that I'm going to create and then cut that off. And then I'll put the larger washer on, of course I'll oil everything up, pre-lube it and then I'll insert the spring and that should be it.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 3.m4a  (176s)]
This has been a pain. The actual routing of the felt on that upper bearing has been pretty difficult. I actually have failed pretty much every attempt. And basically where you fail is when you insert the bearing, the felt becomes loose and detaches. And so part of that is because the felt is so pliable, it's not really like a thick rope that you can manipulate and create knots in. So what I did now, this is the 15th attempt, I don't know how many attempts it is, is I took the yarn and I took a little round wood and peg, probably about, let me get a measurement, so I had a round peg about 0.4 thousandths of an inch, or 0.400 inches, and I basically started there and I tied a, I don't know if it's a clove hitch or a hitch knot, and then I wrapped it around and I did another knot, so that made it secure. Then I slipped that knot over the bearing end that's closest to the inside of the housing, and I wrapped the other end through the channel, and then I wrapped really tightly around at the very top of the bearing that's closest to the where the oil cap will be or the smaller felt, and I took a little bit of Loctite Super Glue at the very end and I just dabbed a few dabs to lock that in place, because I needed a place to secure one inside. And so far that's working. The problem that I'm completely not sure of is how will that impact the oil wicking process. I don't know, but I could not find a way of securing both ends tightly enough and manipulating it, getting it inside without the whole felt piece falling apart. So, is that the right way? I have absolutely no clue. I guess we'll find out. I have no manual to work off of, so I have no idea. So yeah, we'll find out.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 4.m4a  (80s)]
Okay, assembly is complete, so I basically, the same approach that I did where I kind of grouted the yarn through, I did use the super glue, I don't know if it's a trick or doing it completely wrong, I guess we'll find out, but it did work, so I was able to insert the bearing, no issue, it seated properly, I put the large washer in, then I put the spring retention in, and then test fitted the armature, and it's working, spins fine, the shaft is lubed, so there's that, and then I went ahead and capped the oil piece, so put this little silver oil cap back on the top of her housing, and obviously the smaller felt washer is just underneath that, so you add oil to the top, it wets that washer, that slowly wicks down to, through the capillary action, through that slotted felt yarn, and it goes down to the bottom and lubricates the washer on the bottom, so upper housing is done, that's complete.

