[5580 Feather Grass Ln 2.m4a  (200s)]
Okay, so this is a race memo, it's June 19th, 2026, and I am recording the reassembly of the lower housing, starting with the lower housing, bearing. So currently I have the parts in front of me, I have the lower housing. I have the spring that the bearing fits into, I have two brand new SAE F3 felt washers, one of them is a smaller washer, one of them is larger washer, they go around the bearing. I have a metal retaining washer that goes at the very, very end, and then I have of course the bearing itself, and then I purchased 1.8 inch diameter GE, an old GE oil wick for fans, for old fans. And so what I'm going to try to do now is based, when I took this apart, the washers, the old washers were kind of brittle and broke apart, and then there was what looked like wool felt string wrapped around the bearings. I'm having to deconstruct this, this is based on just kind of assumptions, but my understanding is with this 1.8 inch wool wick, I'm going to wrap wool yarn around it tightly, and then I'm going to feed that through and wrap it around the smaller washer, and then feed that same wool yarn up to the larger washer and wrap that around, and then basically insert the bearing, and then the bearing is notched at the bottom, so the bearing can only go in one way, and it has to basically fit into that notch. Once the bearing is in place, and that is basically in place with all of the oil felt wicks routed around it, the lower washer, the yarn, and the upper larger washer, I will then insert the tension spring into the housing, and that should complete the assembly, the reassembly of the lower housing bearing. So I will stop here and start to work on that, and then update voice memos with any updates or progress.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 3.m4a  (40s)]
Okay, so I have cut a piece of wool yarn about one foot long and I have cut about an inch and a quarter of the oil wick. So the next step that I'm going to do is I'm going to tie the yarn around the wick so that I can route it through the oil wick hole and into the felt washers, and then assemble the actual bearing with all the felt washers. So I'm going to start that now and then I'll update here later.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 4.m4a  (134s)]
Okay The wool yarn Tie it around the oil wick and I'm beginning to route it through the oil wick port now the wool yarn is It's not it's not sturdy. So as soon as you try to insert it into the oil wick port, it's very difficult to route it So what I did is I took just a tiny bit of scotch tape on the end that I'm gonna route through the oil wick And just wrapped it around to give it a little bit of sturdiness So it's easier to insert it into the oil wick port and then I took my tweezers and just Slowly grabbed on to that and pulled it through and it's allowing me to route everything through the hole properly and now the next step that I'm going to do is I'm going to attach the lower washer to this wool yarn and then put that lower washer on the bottom part of the bearing and then I'm going to continue to route the yarn up and attach it to the larger felt washer and then tie that off properly and put the felt the larger felt washer on top of the bearing and Then insert it as one unit into the Into the housing and make sure everything fits properly The next thing that I will do is I'll Take it out because I'm just going to test it. I'll take it out and then I'm going to use this bramec zoom spout oiler It's a multi-purpose turbine oil I'm going to basically pre lubricate the the The felt washers and make sure they have oil and also the felt yarn just to make sure everything has oil When it's ready to go So I will do that and then I will update on another voice memo

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 5.m4a  (197s)]
Okay. So, kind of a little bit of a rearrangement here. Here's what I did. I tied the yarn to the oil wick, put that in there, but the lower washer actually sits more flush to the bottom, so it's not, the yarn is wrapped around it. It sits flush at the end of the bearing towards the bottom. So, I have some pictures of that. So, it's just sitting there flush, the small little washer, and then the yarn is wrapped up and goes up along the side of the bearing, and then I have the larger washer sitting on top, and the yarn is wrapped around the top neck of the bearing with the larger washer. So, I guess the premise here is the oil will wick through, and that capillary action will soak up the oil in all these various parts. We'll see. I think what I will do is I will put some plastic down here and then oil up these parts and just kind of let it sit for a bit and kind of see how it works. I'll do that, and hopefully that all works and all this stuff is good. I have no idea what I'm doing here. I'm kind of just winging it, and I don't think there's any, there's no public instructions on this. So, just to recap, I have a 1 eighth oil wick that's used for old fans, like old 1920s, 1930s fans. I cut about an inch and a quarter of that. I tied my wool yarn to it and some pretty tight knots, routed the yarn through the oil wick port. I put the smaller washer flush with the bottom of the bearing, and then I routed the wool yarn up the side of the bearing, wrapped it, met it with the larger felt washer, and then wrapped that yarn around in concentric circles around the top neck of the bearing. Now I'm going to pre-lubricate everything with the oil. Let that sit for a bit, and then the last step is I'm going to install the tension spring, and then hopefully that's it. That's everything for what we need to do here, at least as far as reinstalling the bearing in the lower housing unit.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 6.m4a  (245s)]
So I have the bearings installed on the lower, the bearing installed on the lower housing unit. So this was quite tricky actually. So our original task of getting the wool yarn routed through the cavity, the oil wick, wrapping it around the bearing, that all still holds true. It is true that the smaller felt washer just sits at the bottom of the bearing and that makes contact a little bit with the oil wick, or at least the portion of the wick that's coming in. So that's how that part gets oiled. And then obviously the oil from the wick that is running on the yarn gets up into the larger felt and that's how that larger felt remains oiled. So I'm not exactly sure, like obviously this is an older piece of machinery, I'm not sure how effective that really is, that capillary action versus like a traditional bearing, like a roller bearing type setup which is on the mark two versions of these units. These are very old. Mark one versions. So it's a little bit more, you know, archaic I guess. Then there was one part that I did not capture. There is a metal, it almost looks like a washer, but it's a retainer ring that sits at the very bottom of the housing. This covers the felt washer and it retains everything, you know, make sure that that doesn't like slip out. So that outer diameter is 0.500 inches. The interior diameter is 0.295 inches and the thickness is 1 16th of an inch. So that's a new part that we need to add into our diagram. But everything else is looking good. So yeah, the lower housing, I did a test fit with the armature and it fit fine. One last thing that I did is I wiped everything down and I used alcohol prep pads to basically wipe down the bore of the bearing to clean that out to make sure that's clear and free of any debris from when we were installing the felt and the bearings and things like that is when to make sure it's really nice and clean. The other part of the tools that's really necessary here is do not use steel parts. Do not use like steel tools, like steel tweezers are okay if you're inserting something but do not put any pressure on anything because that will mar the bearing, it will mar the housing. So what I did specifically on that little retainer washer that sits at the bottom, that new part, is I used brass flat punches to help me kind of tap down very slow. I did not use a lot of force, I basically used the Gracie USA brass punches and what I did is I took a rubber mallet and just very tightly tapped it down evenly on all around the retainer ring in order to secure it so that it sits in the housing flush. Yeah, so with the brass it's a soft metal so it's not going to mar it. And yeah, so that's pretty much it.