[5580 Feather Grass Ln.m4a  (86s)]
I'm just going to voice dictate what you're doing here. As far as the electrical goes in the upper housing, there's wires of various length. So for instance, the green wire, which is going to have the clip, that's going to be a much longer wire than the black or the white wire. So to give me adequate working space, I've cut the sheath about 5 and 1 by 2 inches back from the three-wire plug. My hope is that that will give me enough room to put my shrink wrap tubing on so I can cover my solder points. And hopefully, that gives me enough play in there where I can push the wires back. And then I'll put the larger heat shrink wire loom, the nylon wire loom, around everything and run that. And that will go basically down to the main unit. I don't know if this is going to work. So probably what I'm going to do is do some test fittings. I might have to do a few runs of this before I get it right. So I guess we will see how that works.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 2.m4a  (105s)]
So for the green wire, I put a red heat shrink tubing over it to signify that it's hot. For the black and white wires, it's a black and white heat shrink tubing. I pulled back from the 3-wire 16-gauge, I pulled back about 5.5 inches, stripped that off. Then because there's varying links inside the actual housing, I have the green wire sitting at five and a half inches and I'm probably going to snip it to about four and a half and then solder the clip onto it. And then the black and white wires, I've cut those back to about three and a quarter a piece. And I'll snip, I'll basically splice those onto the existing wires, solder them and then all three of them I'll put the heat shrink tubing on. And then I have a larger black heat shrink tubing around the 16-gauge that I will pull up and surround those open exposed wires entirely so that they're not showing.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 3.m4a  (35s)]
To do the wiring installation, I've removed the stator from the upper housing, that way that will give me clearance and when I start to do the actual wiring, I will route the 16 gauge through the port on the upper housing and then connect it into the stator and then feed the stator back into the housing and back out the wire as needed. This way, I have a little bit more room to do the soldering instead of trying to do it while it's in the housing.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 4.m4a  (248s)]
Okay, I've got my solder station set up. I basically have the brass clip rolled by some alligator first, and another alligator clip holding the green wire, which is our hot. And essentially what I'm going to do is I'm going to put a little bit of flux on the connection, and then apply some solder, just gently. Just to kind of get that, I got the soldering iron tip, uh, tinned. So that should be good. Um, hopefully this all works. So I'm just going to keep this on while I'm dictating. So I'm applying a little bit of tacky flux to the actual where our connection's going to be. I'm just applying that generally liberally around, and then I have my solder, lead-free solder. I'm just going to touch this. Okay, it's working. And now I'm just going to go ahead and apply the solder to the joint. Actually, to be honest with you, I'm going to change up how I'm doing this. That is not the best solder connection I've done. Look at this again. Put a little bit more flux on the joint, get a more solid connection. Basically, I'm trying to make a solder pad, and then put the wire on it, is what I'm trying to do here. Okay. So I have what I think is a good connection. Let me just double-check it. Okay. This should be a good connection. It's a good solder connection. Okay. I'm going to put the heat shrink tubing around it. Okay. The heat shrink tubing is around it. And now I'm going to apply heat to shrink the tubing.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 5.m4a  (35s)]
So actually what I've done is So I put the the clip on for the red hot wire I have not actually shrunk the heat shrink tubing over it yet but I'm actually going to do is I'm going to put everything back with the stator and I'm going to hastily rewire so just using some electrical tape wire the connections and Then I want to actually run my electrical test before I do any soldering So that's where I'm going right now

