[5580 Feather Grass Ln.m4a  (159s)]
Okay, it's June 21st, 2026, Father's Day. I am now getting prepared to seat that slinger bearing into the lower housing shaft. So what I've done is I've kind of improvised a solution here for how I could potentially get even pressure to mount this. It's kind of very similar to a bearing press, but what I'm using is my ammo reloader, a Dillon XL650. I basically have the platform kind of empty right now, and the plan is I set the lower housing upside down with the armature in there, everything kind of assembled. I will set the ring washer on top, and then I have a 3.8-inch with a 1.25-inch. So wait, sorry, let me take a step back. I have a fender washer that's stainless that has an interior diameter of 3.8-inch, outer diameter of 1.25-inch. And what I'm going to do is there is a little shoe, a tool head, basically, is what they call it with a Dillon XL650. I'm going to basically put that washer on the underside there. The ringer will go up against it, and that should provide decent, even pressure, and I will slowly press on that slinger washer. There is some gap there. I think it's about a credit card width's depth. I'm going to double-check that of gap between the bottom of the lower housing and that slinger. You don't want to press it all the way up against it. There needs to be a gap there. So I'm going to go take a look at a few pictures. I did not measure that when we took it off, which is a mistake. You should probably have measured that gap. I'm going to try to give it my best guesstimate. So yeah, what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and get this all set up, and then I will give this a try.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 2.m4a  (47s)]
Okay, I just remembered, I actually have another one of these units that I'm going to go and restore. So what I did is I took the measurement from that unit. It's about a blade's width, like from my utility knife, which turns out to be 0.0255 inches. So it's a pretty narrow gap there. So my approach is going to be very slow, incremental. I'm not going to give it one big push. I'm going to give it really slow and incremental, and then get my blade down there. Once I get my blade down there, that should give me the gap and clearance that I need.

[5580 Feather Grass Ln 3.m4a  (122s)]
Okay, I Got the lower housing completed I did a test fit that's gonna be very important test fit seems, okay It I was able to basically connect the two halves together So the upper part of that armature to the upper bearing just did a quick test fit and I was fine So the next step that I did is I put in the bushing caps There's two of them on the upper housing So basically all I did was I press hand only hand inserted these Into the two side ports, so those are in The next step that we have to do is We're going to have to install the stator And in order for us to do this, we're going to have to do a little bit of wiring and then measuring We want just enough wire coming in to make a good solid connection Without having a lot of excess So it's probably gonna be a little bit of test fitting there making sure that we can get those measurements down In all likelihood Probably what I will do is I will use my regal 9 3 2 8 power supply to basically run Run a test without having hook it up to the main unit this way I can Just make sure that the motor housing is working and the wiring is working And once that's done The upper portion is for the most part at least the motor housing part is going to be done But yeah, that's where we're at right now

