[5580 Feather Grass Ln.m4a  (296s)  — Control Unit teardown, 2026-06-24]
This is a voice memo recording on June 24th, 2026. This is a discussion regarding the breakdown of the main L&R precision watch cleaning machine. So we have finished the motor head part. And now moving on to the actual main control unit. I have not gotten far on this, but I will give a brief breakdown on what has been done. So with the main control unit, the first thing that I did was I flipped it upside down and the wires that originally went into the motor head unit, I snipped, leaving the portions that are connected into the components on the main control unit intact, but letting me pull the old wire through the metal conduit, the metal bar that kind of mounts with the motor head. So that power cable has been extracted and it will go into the trash. The next thing that I did was I am going to move the support bar. This is that long bar that sticks out and it basically, it's a square bar. It's a square bar and at the very top it's rounded. And that rounded portion has a mechanism that is what attaches to the motor housing unit. So that's just a screw that you can tighten and loosen. So I loosened that and I removed that part. Then the next thing was at the base of that metal bar there were four screws. Three of them were long screws that went through the casting into the actual metal bar. And then the fourth one was an actual set screw that had kind of like a metal spacer tab pressing against the metal bar. I think that was to provide tension. I removed all four of those. The metal bar, I'm just going to call it the post. The post was not easily removable, meaning after I took all four screws out, I could not just gently pull up on it. It was definitely embedded in there. So I used a little bit of Kroll [Kroil] penetrating oil and let that sit. Tried with my hands to remove the bar again later on. Did not work. I wound up having to tap out the bar from the bottom. And it turns out that there is so much corrosion and it looks like this unit has been actively restored once before or attempted to be worked on. Because the inside just looks horribly corroded and it was actually that was causing all the binding with the metal post. That should have just came out pretty easy and it didn't. So that post is gone. I was able to remove that post finally. I then took the main power cable that goes into the wall outlet. Again, I did a very similar thing where I snipped it, keeping the connections to the internal components still there. I could map them out, but I took the old wire out and that will go into the trash as well. There is a rubber grommet that that main AC line goes through. That was no longer rubber anymore. It was basically solid plastic hard brittle and it essentially disintegrated and fell apart. So I need to have that replaced. And that is where we're at right now. So I basically got the metal post removed. The main unit is ready to go. There's no cables connected to it anymore. The next steps will be to map out properly where all the connections are and then remove those components from underneath.
