Okay, this is a voice memo that will hopefully be used to reconstruct what I did to break down this machine. So to start off, the machine is an LNR precision cleaning machine. It's by LNR Manufacturing in Arlington, New Jersey. So this is an older, probably 1940s, vintage machine and its purpose is to clean wash parts. So I am backtracking here on what we did to break it down because it's already in a broken down state. So what we did first, step one, is in the basket assembly, there's a shaft there that has a set screw. That set screw holds that shaft, or holds that to the, attaches it to the stator shaft and holds it in place. So if the stator is moving, then it's moving the basket. So in order, the first step is you just remove that little set screw and that is with a flat head. You just back it out and then you can remove that outer column from the shaft. Initially that was a little bit tough because it was, it's been on there for a while. So what I had to do was gently apply small taps of pressure with a rubber mallet just to gently knock it loose. You only want to do it very, very subtly, not really hard at all. Just like very, very light taps. Once I did that, I was able to remove that assembly and I set that aside. Then the next thing is the motor housing unit. It's several parts together. From the outside you have a little platform. This is basically, this starts off with a little rubber gasket that is inserted into the jars where all the cleaning solution is. That kind of keeps the liquid from splashing out. That gasket is attached to a metal disc with rivets. But then there are two holes that two bolts, very lengthy bolts run up on either side of those and those screws hold the two motor housing halves together. So the next step was I needed to unscrew those two screws and once I did that, the lower housing dropped out. In addition, the stator also drops out. But the stator remains attached to the lower housing. There is a little disc that sits on the outside of the housing that's attached to the stator shaft. That is the next step. You have to basically remove that in order to remove the armature out completely. That is very tricky because it sits very close to the bottom part of the lower housing and you can't really get tools or you don't want to put anything in there that's going to pry it because that will just bend that brass ring. So what we basically did is we essentially inserted the housing with the shaft in an elevated vise so there's plenty of room underneath. And then what we did, that way there's clearance between the stator shaft and the bottom of the workbench. There's enough clearance there because then what we did is we took a rubber mallet and from the very top you tap with a little bit more force and that applies even pressure to move the ring slightly down the shaft and away far enough to where we could actually get a bearing puller on there. And once you had the bearing puller, the center of that bearing puller obviously hits the bottom of the shaft. The two little teeth of the bearing puller are going to pull even pressure on the side of the ring and then gently back it all the way out. And then finally once that ring is off, the whole armature can come out into its own little piece and you can set that aside. Then the next step after that is we have to disconnect the electrical pieces. So from the main control unit, a three wire cord, basically a cord with three wires in it goes into the motor housing unit and there are several wires that attach to the field coil. So what we had to do is we basically snipped those wires and then in the field coil there's two bolts that mount it. So we removed those two bolts and we're able to remove the field coil and now you have both the upper and lower housing pretty much bare and empty. The only thing that's remaining in there is the actual bearing itself, the two bearings. So that was extremely difficult. So starting with the lower housing, unfortunately it probably isn't the correct way of doing it but with the lower housing faced down, so the outside is facing you, using a rubber or wood block I was able to, with a little bit of tapping, tap out the bearing from the spring and then eventually the spring itself removed that from the housing and I did that approach on both the lower housing and the top housing and it seemed to work. I'm not sure if that is the correct approach to use but it did work and at that point the motor housing is completely disassembled at that point and ready to be worked on and eventually reassembled.